we'll be down in a second aren't you go
ahead and warm up
you
[Music]
are you Fred yeah what up that's some
good stuff right there boy how you doing
me I'm all right
yeah so what's the idea of the Warner
Brothers want to do it they want to mix
hip hop with classic any other musicians
know what we're gonna do is we're going
to open up for corn
you ain't strapped are you you got like
a stage name anything marshal how about
Doc murder I want to get Bach defied you
know I'm saying I want to be like fade
in school but try something that you
just kind of improvise
as I love sir I like highest gear to cry
Hey boo giggle
you got a band jheri curl you eat so
much pizza so much pizza now we're
getting a funk you ready yeah yeah yeah
yeah if we gonna do what you gotta do is
get a workout program
[Music]
and what you really gotta do is try fast
BAM
let's fail up in this page is they
really funny fate you want to buzz
around I'll tell you talking tap I love
things like the sheriff was James
[Music]
that genius go say it good right dear
you know I'm saying let's make a call
right now Kelly let's go be right back
that's good dude dude that was just
doing it in two seconds dude it's crazy
crazy
[Music]
hey dude I'm Marshall what's up mom what
up what are you doing what are you doing
here
I've been called for an audition I've
been calling all day familiar with his
lyrics and stuff yeah I do his beats
like I'm my own instrument like I do
like yeah yet what's going he's the man
right he does a dope song
why didn't dope saw it was our money
time person what can you do he can play
piano pianos not hip-hop yeah I make
beats yeah a piano can't do that listen
what is that that kid
Beethoven wasn't from the streets I've
met the Mizzou all day I was at the
monkey cage was like like it's dope well
time we got a canary meet real quick
like you give me a little bit of here
[Music]
yes what we're gonna do live we on tour
dude it's gonna be dope one of our first
date is Cleveland so like we all gonna
stay out we're all gonna come out like
this yo yo Cleveland what up Cleveland
hey Cleveland you know anything like
when I get up there my rapping face is
like this like what's your music face
like this I do constipated what you want
a piano that's not bad that's not bad
that's kind of hot
would I have my pants that somebody give
me my hair my pants I wanna make me like
a quick moles I did am I gonna play
piano do from that's what we're gonna
try is what you want to try to do is
this
[Music]
yeah
now you Bob me head I just keep that
going yo your mom's patita me what saw
my dad the other day he rolled up to me
said you got my money pay me
and no geez the only ones but he said yo
I got crap a mouse
[Music]
you're any work you do know this the
animal beats not working on this one
oh man you know I don't know if is all
hand we just yeah dude why you putting
it all me radical other real quick who
can do a gorilla like that oh no no no
hi all you shot a raccoon try that
inside a raccoon it might be mean you
good
you dope thought you Bamba days you all
that and a bag a classical chips looking
like 50 minutes how can it be better
than a bag of chips will you just chill
and will I work on the raccoon tonight
what if I work on the rec room tonight
yeah dude we got two minutes and figured
out hey he is him you with a tiger
I'm sorry I don't feel like that you
good do okay you don't come I got to
tell you that you've been xed once
you're on my hidden camera show called
it
[Music]